 Lord, thank you for this day. Thank you for your eternal love and provision. Thank you for your protection and for leading me in the way I should go. I thank you for answering prayers and for the strength you tirelessly provide each day. 

Father, as I close this day, I ask you to forgive me for my shortcomings and for any sins I may have committed in thought, word, or deed. Search me, O God, and know my heart; try me and know my anxious thoughts. See if there be any wicked way in me, and lead me in the way everlasting. Help me to sleep peacefully tonight, free from worry and anxiety. May I rest in the safety of your wings and wake up ready to serve you again tomorrow. 

As I sleep, protect me from the traps and temptations of the evil one. Block any distracting thoughts that would draw me away from you. Wake me up ready to serve you again tomorrow. 
May I never take my eyes off you, O God, for you are the source of my life. In Jesus's name, I pray, Amen. 
Bless us, O Lord, and hear our prayer; manifest your goodness to us in our distress, and shine the light of your countenance upon us, that by your guidance we may be delivered from the darkness of this world, and become partakers of your eternal peace and happiness. Amen. 

Go to bed happy, confident in the knowledge that God is with you. When you wake up, you will still be in God's presence. Praise the Lord for His everlasting love and faithfulness. Amen. 
May the grace of God our Father surpass all our hopes, and may his peace surround us and ease our hearts, so that you would find rest and peace in him. In all circumstances, may you know his faith, hope, and love, and fix your eyes on our Lord Jesus, who is both our sacrifice and our salvation. Amen. 
May the Lord bless you and keep you. May the Lord make his face shine upon you and be gracious to you. May the Lord lift up his countenance upon you and give you peace. Amen. 

Our God is a God of forgiveness, and he cares about you and loves you. Ask him to clear your mind of anything that happened today that might be distracting or troubling you. Ask him to help you rest in the peace he provides, which surpasses all human understanding